Documentation: sliding sync proxy is not required for Synapse >1.114 (#3735)
spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy: README.md

| Name | Default? | Description | Documentation |
| ---- | -------- | ----------- | ------------- |

> | [sliding-sync](https://github.com/matrix-org/sliding-sync)| x | (Not required for Synapse > `1.114` and Conduit > `0.6.0`) Sliding Sync support for clients which require it (e.g. Element X) | [Link](docs/configuring-playbook-sliding-sync-proxy.md) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [sliding-sync](https://github.com/matrix-org/sliding-sync)| x | (Superseded by Simplified Sliding Sync integrated into Synapse > `1.114` and Conduit > `0.6.0`) Sliding Sync support for clients which require it (e.g. old Element X versions before Simplified Sliding Sync was developed) | [Link](docs/configuring-playbook-sliding-sync-proxy.md) |
```

Maybe something like this is better, although longer.
